Ah!
Okay, you remember and remember the demon reduction method, and I will help you.
What is it?
The demonic method requires the power of both of us
I can't take it anymore
You and I have never taken action easily
I was taken advantage of by the demon
Now the two dynasties have joined forces
Can't beat you little thing
I absorbed all the power of the demon lord in the hunt
Plus the staff, the Yuan Party Slaughter Main Array
Wait for them both to lose
The position of head of Tianyuan Sect is mine
Master, I know Yingfeng as a person
What do you know about my brother's death? You wronged him.
Thank you, sister, for pleading for me
But I decided
God is waiting for the killing god today
Buddha waiting to kill Buddha
Today, Yingfeng's body is so strong
Totally thoughtless, your name is Ying Feng
Seeing that you have saved my life
The old man promises not to kill you today
Just kick you first and uh stop
Ah!
Ah, sister
Ying Fang, I believe in you
You must remember that I died for you
Can you kiss me before you die?
time
Everyone saw it
He was going to rush out by himself
Xiao Yingfeng uses women as a shield
What kind of man calls this woman?
It's time.
Reveal the true face of this scumbag
I want revenge for the pastor